FAQUse: add Auto-start coinjoin threshold (#1252)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

Depending on many factors, like the `Anonymity score target`, the `coinjoin strategy`, and the amount of bitcoin, it can take from a couple hours to multiple days.
:::

:::details
### What does the `Auto-start coinjoin threshold` mean in the coinjoin settings?

> Coinjoin will not automatically start if the non-private wallet balance is less than this amount. A use case is that it might not be economical to coinjoin with this non-private ammount (coinjoin fee amount compared to coinjoin amount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the amount at which your funds will automatically participate in coinjoin in the background.
If the non-private wallet balance is less than this amount coinjoin will not automatically start.
A use case is that it might not be economical to coinjoin with this non-private amount (fee amount compared to coinjoin amount).
```

> For example, if the user has a non-private balance of 0.005 BTC and the `Auto-start coinjoin threshold` is 0.01 BTC, it will have to manually press Play to start coinjoining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the non-private balance of 0.005 BTC and the `Auto-start coinjoin threshold` is 0.01 BTC, the user will have to manually press Play to start coinjoining.
```
